Hi there, 
I want to share my experience at Bytewise Fellowship as a Flutter fellow. Basically, Bytewise Limited helps in developing individuals to revolutionized IT Industry to provide sustainable solutions. It offers every year to provide 6 months fellowship programs to individuals to enhance their skills in different tech programs.
I have been learning flutter since September 2022, but when I join this fellowship, it helps me to enhance my skills and explore variety of Advance topics Here is summary of my learning:
Flutter is a mobile app development framework that allows developers to build high-performance, high-fidelity, apps for iOS and Android, from a single codebase.
Flutter topics:
Code Structure:
1.	Learn about basic project structure (MVVM) means how we can organize the different layers like data layer, domain layer, UI. 
2.	It basically helps us to find if any error occurs then we can easily figure out.
Animations:
1.	They add beautiful design to UI. Easily help user to inform about many things.
State Management:
1.	Learn various approaches for managing and updating state in Flutter apps.
2.	Provider, Riverpord, getx
Working with APIS.
1.	Learn working with different APIS and how to handle the complex JSON.
2.	How to integrate complex API into flutter Application.
UI/UX Design:
1.	Gain knowledge of UI design principles and best practices to create visually appealing and user-friendly interfaces in Flutter. 
2.	Learn about material design, adaptive layouts, theming, and responsive design.
Firebase:
Firebase is a powerful backend platform provided by Google that offers a suite of cloud-based services and tools to assist developers in building mobile and web applications. 
1.	Firebase Authentication we have login and logout system user. Also, I have added another option of logging which is Sign in with google.
2.	Firebase Firestore through this we have stored the user information like in food app I have store the user info, what products they added to cart, added to Wishlist, and payment details. 
3.	Cloud Storage I have used for storing the user images, profile pictures. Like in blog app I have used firebase storge where user see other user blog, upload their blog in firebase storage.
Overall, I have learned many things like hive database and efficient programming.


